I said Xiao Chen
Although you were a beggar six years ago
But it also delayed our late autumn
Join the wealthy family of Celebration
Now you're back
I want to join our Su family
He also has to see if you have the capital.
You're right.
Xiaoshan heard that you have gone abroad in recent years
How are you doing?
I own an island overseas
Asset words
All over the world
What does the old man mean?
Is to ask about your assets
It's not for you to brag
Just say it
How much do you have in savings?
How much property?
How many luxury cars?
The deposit has not been carefully calculated
Trillions
Real estate
That's not much.
Just tens of thousands of square meters
Well, I don't like cars when I get around.
They travel by helicopter.
My own fast
Xiao Chen
Are you kidding us?
Ah, you're just laughing, my liver hurts
By the way, super rich people like you
That can't be
Your own company?
Company words
Yes.
I started a company called Tianwang Dian
I am the Hall of Heavenly Kings
Hahahaha
I said Su Wanqiu
This is the man you've been waiting for for six years
Assets are over a trillion.
How about a helicopter ride?
By the way, your company overseas
What could it be?
The begging company
Hahaha clown
Is it shameful to lose?
What I said is true.
You lied to you again for face
The most spineless
So what's up?
Make everyone laugh so happily